Create release-3.32.md (#4591)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2021/release-3.32.md

changelogItems:
---

Sourcegraph 3.32 is now available! For this release, we introduced:

## Feature

## Code Insights is available in Public Beta

Code Insights is a new analytics tool that lets you track and understand what’s in your code and how it changes over time. You can find it via “Insights” in the main nav bar. It is free while in beta through 2021. When Code Insights is officially released, we may disable your use of it or charge for using it. We're still polishing Code Insights, so we appreciate if you [share any bugs or feedback about your experience](mailto:feedback@sourcegraph.com).

## Revisions sidebar

In the left sidebar of your search results, you can now see both branches and tags associated with a repository you’re viewing. When you add a search literal, such as “auth”, the search term will persist across searches, allowing you to quickly search between branches or tags for that search term.

## Result caching and improved back button behavior

We’re now caching search results so that when you click into a file from the search results page and then navigate back to the results, the search results will no longer be reordered.

## Compute API endpoint

> For Code Insights and API users, we’ve exposed a new compute endpoint that allows you to extract and aggregate data based on a regex. For example, you can search for React as a dependency in `package.json` and group your results by version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Code Insights and API users, we’ve exposed a new compute endpoint that allows you to extract and aggregate data based on a regex. For example, you can search for React as a dependency in `package.json` and group your results by version number.

## LSIF data retention is now configurable via our UI

We've changed the way we think about LSIF data retention. Previously, precise code intelligence data was capped by a maximum age configured by the PRECISE_CODE_INTEL_DATA_TTL environment variable. This means that, regardless of how important some data was, it would be removed after it passed its expiry.

Now, site-admins can configure global and repository-specific data retention policies in the UI and can control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered fresh. You can read more about how to protect your precise code intelligence data in our [Configure precise code intelligence data retention policies](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/how-to/configure_data_retention) documentation.
```

---
title: 'Sourcegraph 3.32 release'
publishDate: 2021-09-23T10:00-07:00
description: 'Sourcegraph 3.32 introduces Code Insights in Public Beta, a new search sidebar for navigating revisions, improved search results caching, and custom LSIF data retention policies.'
tags: [blog, release]
slug: 'release/3.32'
published: false

> heroImage:

Reviewer 2: @iskyOS - here is the hero template  https://www.figma.com/file/BRedkGL1VSHDOjM2ci4L0Q/SG_Evergreen_Blog_Template?node-id=0%3A1

socialImage:
changelogItems:
  - description: The search sidebar now shows a revisions section when all search results are from a single repository. This makes it easier to search in and switch between different revisions.
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/23835
    category: Search
  - description: The various alerts overview panels in Grafana can now be clicked to go directly to the relevant panels and dashboards.
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/24920
    category: Admin

>   - description: '`allowGroupsPermissionsSync` in the GitHub authorization provider is now required to enable the experimental GitHub teams and organization permissions caching.'

Reviewer 2: @iskyOS - do you think we need to provide any more context on what "experimental GitHub teams and organization permissions caching" is?

Author: Yes, that's a good idea — I'm going to add a link to the docs and give a little context here.

Author: ```suggestion
  - description: '`allowGroupsPermissionsSync` in the GitHub authorization provider is now required to enable the experimental GitHub teams and organizations permissions caching. Permissions caching can significantly reduce the amount of time it takes to perform a full permissions sync.'
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/24561
    category: Admin
  - description: Fixed a number of issues where repository permissions sync may fail for instances with very large numbers of repositories.
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/24972
    category: Repositories
  - description: 'Fixed excessive re-rendering of the web application on every keypress in the search query input.'
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/24844
    category: Search

>   - description: 'The `PRECISE_CODE_INTEL_DATA_TTL` environment variable is no longer read by the worker service. Instead, global and repository-specific data retention policies configurable in the UI by site-admins will control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered _fresh_.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - description: 'The `PRECISE_CODE_INTEL_DATA_TTL` environment variable is no longer read by the worker service. Instead, site admins can configure global and repository-specific data retention policies in the UI to control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered _fresh_.'
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/24793
    category: Admin
---

Sourcegraph 3.32 is now available! Here are some highlights from this release:

## Code Insights is available in Public Beta

> Code Insights is a new analytics tool that lets you track and understand what’s in your code and how it changes over time. You can find it via “Insights” in the main nav bar. It is free while in beta through 2021. When Code Insights is officially released, we may disable your use of it or charge for using it. We're still polishing Code Insights, so we appreciate if you [share any bugs or feedback about your experience](mailto:feedback@sourcegraph.com).

Author: ```suggestion
Code Insights is a new analytics tool that lets you track and understand what’s in your code and how it changes over time. You can find it via “Insights” in the main navigation bar. It is available for all Sourcegraph users for free while in beta. When Code Insights reaches general availability, we may disable your use of it or charge for using it. We're still polishing Code Insights, so we appreciate it if you [share any bugs or feedback about your experience](mailto:feedback@sourcegraph.com).
```

Author: @thisisvic @Joelkw — I proposed a couple of edits here. I would keep some info higher level and remove "through 2021". How do you feel about this?

Author: (Updated suggestion)

Reviewer 3: Thank you, @iskyOS! It looks really good to me and flows nicely. @Joelkw how do you feel about the tweaks?

Reviewer 4: Fine with it!

> Code Insights is a new analytics tool that lets you track and understand what’s in your code and how it changes over time. You can find it via “Insights” in the main navigation bar. It is available for all Sourcegraph users for free while in beta. When Code Insights is officially released, we may disable your use of it or charge for continued use. We're still polishing Code Insights, so we appreciate it if you [share any bugs or feedback about your experience](mailto:feedback@sourcegraph.com).

Reviewer 2: @amieroth - confirming you're comfortable with this update in the release post? There isn't currently a GIF, but any concerns with adding one?

CC @Joelkw @thisisvic

Reviewer 5: @abschu @iskyOS agree with Alex's comments in Slack that "When Code Insights is officially released, we may disable your use of the product or charge for continued use" reads clunky to me. Recommend instead: "When Code Insights is officially released, we may disable your use of the product should you choose not to be charged for continued use."

Reviewer 5: And I'd prefer no video/GIF if possible!

Author: @amieroth— will definitely leave with no GIF! The wording for this one has gone back and forth a couple of times and I'm personally not sure either option is more/less clunky. The current wording matches the in-app product announcement, so I'm going to leave for the moment.

> Code Insights is a new analytics tool that lets you track and understand what’s in your code and how it changes over time. You can find it via “Insights” in the main navigation bar. It is available for all Sourcegraph users for free while in beta. When Code Insights is officially released, we may disable your use of it or charge for continued use. We're still polishing Code Insights, so we appreciate it if you [share any bugs or feedback about your experience](mailto:feedback@sourcegraph.com).

Reviewer 6: This feels pretty similar to the section about private beta from the last release. Doesn't block publishing, but it would be nice to build a bit from last time, continuing the story of code insights.

## Revisions sidebar

In the left sidebar of your search results, you can now see both branches and tags associated with a repository you’re viewing. When you add a search literal, such as “auth,” the search term will persist across searches, allowing you to quickly search between branches or tags for that search term.

> 

Author: Placeholder CC @benvenker -- we will add a GIF here.

> ## Result caching and improved back button behavior
> 
> We’re now caching search results so that when you click into a file from the search results page and then navigate back to the results, the search results will no longer be reordered.

Author: ```suggestion
## Search caching and improved back button behavior

We’re now caching search results for an improved user experience. When you click into a file from the search results page and then navigate back, the results will now always appear in the same order they appeared previously.
```

Author: @benvenker - thoughts on this rewording? Just minor adjustments to break up the sentence and focus on the new behavior.

## Compute API endpoint

> For Code Insights and API users, we’ve exposed a new compute endpoint that allows you to extract and aggregate data based on a regex. For example, you can search for React as a dependency in `package.json` and group your results by version number.

Author: @benvenker is there a docs link or any other reference we can point to for this one?

Reviewer 7: That's a good question. @rrhyne do you know if there is any documentation for this? If not, is there somewhere I can find more info about it so I could put some together?

> </video></div>

Reviewer 8: Something to consider for future posts: I like to include a short caption for any image/media embeds so we can draw people in who might otherwise be skimming the post.

## LSIF data retention is now configurable via our UI

> We've changed the way we think about LSIF data retention. Previously, precise code intelligence data was capped by a maximum age configured by the PRECISE_CODE_INTEL_DATA_TTL environment variable. This means that, regardless of how important some data was, it would be removed after it passed its expiry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've changed the way we think about LSIF data retention. Previously, precise Code Intelligence data was capped by a maximum age configured by the PRECISE_CODE_INTEL_DATA_TTL environment variable. This means that, regardless of how important some data was, it would be removed after it passed its expiry.
```

> Now, site-admins can configure global and repository-specific data retention policies in the UI and can control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered fresh. You can read more about how to protect your precise code intelligence data in our [Configure precise code intelligence data retention policies](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/how-to/configure_data_retention) documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
Now, site-admins can configure global and repository-specific data retention policies in the UI and can control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered fresh. Read more about how to [configure precise code intelligence data retention policies](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/how-to/configure_data_retention) in our docs.
```

Author: @macraig — made one small adjustment to the way the docs is linked -- can you take a look?

Reviewer: @iskyOS LGTM!

> Now, site-admins can configure global and repository-specific data retention policies in the UI and can control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered fresh. Read more about how to [configure precise code intelligence data retention policies](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/how-to/configure_data_retention) in our docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, site-admins can configure global and repository-specific data retention policies in the UI and can control the length of time LSIF uploads are considered fresh. Read more about how to [configure precise Code Intelligence data retention policies](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/how-to/configure_data_retention) in our docs.
```
